## Hi, I'm Joan!

I am an Appian Developer. I earned my bachelor's degree in English and Philosophy from Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana, in 2007, and I earned my master's degree in Clinical Psychology from the University of Tulsa in Tulsa, Oklahoma, in 2013. My varied interests notwithstanding, I have always found information technology wildly interesting, having asked for a "typewriter with a TV" for my third birthday as early as 1986. Although I wound up largely destroying my first Commodore computer's system files, my first experience with DOS programming left me thirsty for more. Over the years, I dipped my feet into HTML, CSS, PHP, MySQL, and Javascript, but only recently did I make the long-overdue choice to throw myself fully and professionally into a career in software development.

For the past six years, I served as website administrator and technical director for the Oklahoma Writers' Federation, a federation of writers groups spread across three states: Oklahoma, Texas, and Arkansas. During that time, my job was largely to do what I was asked to do, whether it was to create applications that would allow federation members to submit manuscripts for writing contests,

After working as a system administrator and technical support engineer for several years, I decided to shift my career to software development. Since shifting careers, I have worked on several projects and gained valuable experience in technologies on Java, web applications, and mobile app development. I enjoy programming and enjoy learning new development technologies, which is the reason I am currently working as an Appian Developer through Revature. I hope to become a senior developer in a few years to mentor others, possibly including others trying to make career shifts as I have.
